Editing pass over cover letter + manuscript (#46)
chaynes2019/AvidaGeneDupe: tex/text/body/introduction.tex

In modern evolutionary biology, experimental approaches have become an important complement to retrospective studies, helping to establish causality in evolutionary dynamics \citep{Kawecki2012}.
The theme of evolution of complexity has drawn notable contributions, in particular, from experiments incorporating digital model systems \citep{Fortuna2022}.
While lacking in realism and richness compared to work with biological organisms, \textit{in silico} approaches offer complementary capabilities in supporting principled definitions of complexity \citep{Adami2002}, fast throughput spanning thousands of generations, and flexible exploration of arbitrary counterfactuals \citep{langton1989artificial}.
In this work, digital systems allow us to systematically enable or disable duplications, supporting direct comparisons of evolutionary outcomes.
Insight may also be gained from tracing the fate of duplicated sites, given the availability of exhaustive mutational histories.

\input{fig/slip_mut_variants.tex}

Here, we investigate the role of adaptive innovation in the relationship between gene duplication and the evolution of complexity using the Avida digital evolution platform.

> This system allows evolution experiments to be conducted using populations of self-replicating computer programs (digital organisms) \citep{Ofria:2009avida};

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This system allows evolution experiments to be conducted using populations of self-replicating computer programs, operating as digital ``model organisms'' \citep{Ofria:2009avida};
```
